feat(tutorial): added tutorial helm (#3215)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/kubernetes-package-management-helm/index.mdx

```

### Installing Helm Charts

**Helm Charts** are packages of pre-configured Kubernetes resources.
Each chart contains a set of YAML templates defining the Kubernetes objects required for a particular application or service and default configuration values.
Charts enable reusable and repeatable deployments across different environments.

To install a chart, use the `helm install` command:
```
helm install <release-name> <chart-name>
```
For example, to install the `nginx` chart from the stable repository:
```
helm install my-nginx stable/nginx
```

### Searching for Helm Charts

Helm allows you to search for charts in the repositories you have added. Use the `helm search` command to find charts:
```
helm search repo <keyword>
```
For example, to search for all nginx-related charts:
```
helm search repo nginx
```

<Message type="tip">
    The Cloud Native Computing Foundation operates [ArtifactHUB](https://artifacthub.io/), a web-based application that enables finding, installing, and publishing Cloud Native packages and configurations. 
    It allows you to search for Helm Charts and more using a web browser.
</Message>

## Creating Helm Charts from Templates

> Creating Helm charts can be straightforward if you follow the template structure. Following is a brief overview of how to create a simple chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating Helm charts can be straightforward if you follow the template structure. Here is a brief overview of how to create a simple chart:
```

1. Create a new Helm Chart:
   ```
   helm create <chart-name>
   ```
   This command generates a boilerplate chart directory structure.

2. Customize your templates:
   The generated chart directory includes several files and directories:
   - `Chart.yaml`: Metadata about the chart.
   - `values.yaml`: Default values for the chart's variables.
   - `templates/`: Directory containing Kubernetes manifest templates.

   Modify these files to fit your application's needs.

3. After customizing, package your chart using:
   ```
   helm package <chart-name>
   ```

4. Install your custom chart using the `helm install` command:
   ```
   helm install <release-name> <path-to-chart>
   ```

## Helm ecosystem and community

For more information about Helm, including advanced usage, plugins, and community support, visit the official Helm [website](https://helm.sh/) and the [Helm GitHub repository](https://github.com/helm/helm). The community is active, and many resources are available for learning and troubleshooting.

> By completing this tutial, you now have a solid foundation for using Helm to manage your Kubernetes applications. The official [Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/) is an excellent resource for further exploration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing this tutorial, you now have a solid foundation for using Helm to manage your Kubernetes applications. The official [Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/) is an excellent resource for further exploration.
```
